---
title: Summary for week 10 2014
author: iHomeAutomate
excerpt: '"Spring is coming" ... read what else is new this week!'
layout: article
permalink: /2014/03/09/summary-of-week-10-2014/
categories:
  - news
tags:
  - news
comments: false
ads: true
image:
  teaser: 2014/03/Spring_is_in_the_air_400x250.jpg
---
Not much we can mention this week, but here it is anyway.

  * A new HS3 beta (Windows only) has arrived, the current HS3 build version is <a href="http://board.homeseer.com/showthread.php?t=166449" target="_blank">3.0.0.71 Beta</a> (Windows)
    
    > We are putting this out as a Beta due to some system wide changes that we would like test. This build removes the use of the regional settings file so all date/time formatting should display properly based on your PC&#8217;s regional settings.
    > 
    > The DeviceScriptButton_xxx procedures (See Device Script Buttons in the help file under Scripting, Devices) were modified as well.
    > 
    > A Value must be assigned to each button, which needs to be unique amongst the values already in use by the device for value/status pairs.
    > 
    > This change would break existing plug-ins if it were made on the functions that were added previously, so the following procedures were changed:
    > 
    > DeviceScriptButton\_Add became DeviceScriptButton\_AddButton  
    > DeviceScriptButton\_Delete became DeviceScriptButton\_DeleteButton  
    > DeviceScriptButton\_Location became DeviceScriptButton\_Locate
    
    > The old version of these still exists, but returns False in each case and does not do anything. Please see the documentation for the location of the added value parameter or where the label was replaced with a value.
    
  * Fibaro buzz all over the interwebs, its <a href="http://www.ihomeautomate.eu/2014/03/03/fibaro-home-center-lite/" target="_blank">Home Center Lite</a> has arrived.
    
  * Next week <a href="http://www.ihomeautomate.eu/2014/03/08/z-wave-cebit-2014/" target="_blank">CeBIT 2014</a> in Hannover (Germany)
